c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\NewsCMS.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\NewsCMS.pdb
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\obj\Debug\NewsCMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\obj\Debug\NewsCMS.dll
c:\users\working\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewsCMS\NewsCMS\obj\Debug\NewsCMS.pdb
